chore: mark 4.1 branch as EOL (#848)
neo4j-contrib/neo4j-streams: README.md

> [!CAUTION]
> This branch (4.1) has reached EOL (end of life) and you should not expect any new updates.

> > There is a newer Neo4j Kafka connector avaialble and at https://github.com/neo4j/neo4j-kafka-connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> There is a newer Neo4j Kafka connector available at https://github.com/neo4j/neo4j-kafka-connector.
```
